Document using InfluxDB 2 as a systemd service (#2096)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/get-started.md

If you rename the binaries, all references to `influx` and `influxd` in this documentation refer to your renamed binaries.
{{% /note %}}

> ### Installing as a service (with systemd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install InfluxDB as a service with systemd
```

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% note %}}
The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.
{{% /note %}}
```

> 1. Download the Ubuntu & Debian `.deb` file from the [downloads page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the appropriate Ubuntu & Debian `.deb` file from the [InfluxData downloads page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads/).
```

2. Install InfluxDB with the following command:
   ```sh
   sudo dpkg -i influxdb2_2.x.x_xxx
   ```

>    (The actual file name will contain version number and architecture information such as `amd64`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Use the actual filename of the downloaded InfluxDB `.deb` package._
```

> 3. Start the service by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start the InfluxDB service:
```

   ```sh
   sudo service influxdb start
   ```

>    The installation process will create a service file at `/lib/systemd/services/influxdb.service`.
>    This file means that InfluxDB will start as a background service at boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The installation process creates a service file at `/lib/systemd/services/influxdb.service`,
   which starts InfluxDB start as a background service on boot.
```

> 4. Restart your system, and verify that the service is running correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart your system and verify that the service is running correctly:
```

If you rename the binaries, all references to `influx` and `influxd` in this documentation refer to your renamed binaries.
{{% /note %}}

### Install InfluxDB as a service with systemd

{{% note %}}

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Author: If they've already downloaded the binaries, the `.deb` packages are still the best way to go since they will include the systemd `.service` file.

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Author: For other Linux systems, I think we'll want to wait until we can test them out to document them.

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Reviewer 2: > other Linux operating systems?

So folks can run InfluxDb as a service on OS other than Linux variants

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Author: I'm not sure how Mac and Windows handle services.

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Author: The docs in this PR work for Debian and Ubuntu. I haven't been able to confirm any others work properly yet.

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Reviewer 2: gotcha on that part...was curious if it'd be preferable to clarify they should work similarly on other Linux OS, but imagine services in general would work differently on moc/windows....just want to be sure that we're confident saying they should work similarly on other systems given we haven't tested

> The following instructions have been tested on Ubuntu, and should work similarly on other operating systems.

Author: Ah! Should change "other operating systems" to "other Linux distributions"! Thanks! 🙏

{{% /note %}}

1. Download the appropriate Ubuntu & Debian `.deb` file from the [InfluxData downloads page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads/).
2. Install InfluxDB with the following command:
   ```sh
   sudo dpkg -i influxdb2_2.x.x_xxx
   ```
   _Use the actual filename of the downloaded InfluxDB `.deb` package._
3. Start the InfluxDB service:
   ```sh
   sudo service influxdb start
   ```

>    The installation process creates a service file at `/lib/systemd/services/influxdb.service`,
>    which starts InfluxDB start as a background service on boot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Installing InfluxDB creates a service file at `/lib/systemd/services/influxdb.service` to start InfluxDB as a background service on startup.
```
